Episode 1/Videos.md, before:

#TS: 0:00
[[FTD-Git/Characters/Sunny|Sunny]] starts to follow the dog randomly ^ftd-1
Sunny asks for name suggestions ^ocb-1
[[FTD-Git/Characters/Sunny's Grandma|Sunny's Grandma]] has dogs that can't go together with new dogs
Acres and acres of land, with loads of abandoned barns, perfect for exploring. 

#TS 4:42
First #choice except follow the dog yes or no: [[FTD-Git/Locations/Gazebo|Gazebo]] or [[FTD-Git/Locations/Barn|Barn]]. ^lc-1
There is a person sitting at the barn. 
Majority voted [[Barn]]. Person is unknown to Sunny. She asks the next #choice Should I talk to them: Yes or No ^sidt-1
Majority voted yes, she says hello, excuse me, the [[FTD-Git/Characters/Stranger|Stranger]] smiles weirdly and Sunny bolts. The stranger stays seated, still smiling.

#TS: 5:45
Little time jump, The stranger has left. Sunny goes to look at the [[Gazebo]]. 
Backstory for the gazebo: Parents got married there. It's very old now. Its {little tech thing here, maybe sayings its oak}. #TS: 5:58 [[FTD-Git/Characters/Stranger|Stranger]] appears behind Sunny and says "I wouldn't step foot in that if I were you." You can hear Sunny stepping on something wood and freezing. When Sunny turns around the stranger is gone. #TS: 6:03. Sunny is spooked and goes to look for the black dog again.

#TS: 6:30
Sunny took a break, went inside. After evaluation, she thinks it might be dumb but she wants to go looking for the dog. She wants to go explore the [[Barn]] and see if she can get ahold of the [[FTD-Git/Characters/Stranger|Stranger]] again and ask them why they shouldn't go to the [[Gazebo]]. She's just accepting something weird is going on here.

#TS : 6:50
#choice Should I call for the dog: Yes or No ^sidt-2
Has been looking for a while, can't find it. Majority says yes. Fun facts: Sunny asked her [[FTD-Git/Characters/Sunny's Aunt|Aunt]] about the dog and she says she sees that dog a lot around here. It's actually a male dog and his name is [[Grimm|Grimm]]. After a bit of calling, he comes running.
#TS: 7:42
#choice Follow the Dog: Yes or No ^ftd-2
Sunny goes to follow the dog again, she is unsure where he is leading her but when she looks away for just a second, he is gone. She is near an abandoned looking [[FTD-Git/Locations/Trailer|Trailer]]
#choice What should I do: Go to the trailer or Look for Grimm
Majority said Look for Grimm but it started pouring rain. 

#TS: 8:25
#choice OCB Help me figure this out! ^ocb-2
Waiting for the rain to let up, box for theories. One of the responses 'I think someone was in the woods in teh clip where us were about to call Grimm' to which Sunny reposts the clip with the text 'Looking back at the clip, you're right... That's so scary! It looks like they got closer. Let me know if you guys see anything like this in the background!'

#TS: 8:48
Next afternoon, Sunny hasn't seen Grimm today but decided to run to the grocery store to pick up some treats for him. After getting the treats, decided to try and go find Grimm. Sun is going down.
#TS 9:15
Very sunny pathway, Sunny has eerie feeling that they are being watched. Acknowledges that it is probably true with the stranger appearing in multiple clips in the background. 
Arrives at the [[FTD-Git/Locations/Mailbox Plot||Mailbox Plot]]. There used to be a house there, but Sunny's Great grandparents tore it down and moved away. Reported a lot of weird things happening on this hill. It's a 'hotspot.'
#TS 9:46
Sunny has spotted Grimm near where he hangs out. Taking a nap in the sun. Grimm has decided to sit the next adventure out and chew on his bone. 
#choice Where should I go: The trailer or the barn ^lc-3
Majority voted for [[Barn]]. #TS 10:35. She sees some lumber, some pots and flowers, that look like they are being taken care of. The table and chairs from earlier. No sign of the stranger yet. Sunny doesn't want to go in just yet, but it looks like a lot of tires, tractor supplies and an old slide. Just a lot of farm materials. #TS 11:00 something on wheels?. But all of it feels really off.
There is a really pretty field beside the barn. Looks like they used to have cattle or something.
#TS 11:20 Wreckage. Handle and steering wheel. Old tractor. 
Sunny leaves due to a big spider nearby.
Some more pieces to an old tractor are found after saying nope to the spider.
#TS 11:50 Near the barn. "Hello, I'd like to talk to you about the gazebo and Grimm" met with radio silence.
Sunny ends up going home because nothing was happening at the barn. Sunny is thirsty but the fridge with the water in it is in the [[FTD-Git/Locations/Basement|Basement]] and its very scary and she doesn't want to go down there. 
#choice Should I go?: Yes or No ^sidt-3
#TS 12:17 Majority voted yes. She quickly goes to grab the water, starts explaining about how creepy it is while looking at a doll, turns around to point something else out and there is the [[Stranger]] so she runs and locks herself in the downstairs bathroom. 
#choice What should I do?: Talk to it or Accept my new home ^sidt-4
#TS 12:51 Opened the door, thinks it has travelled because the door is closed now. Bell goes off in the other room. #weird-tech some weird error thing distorts the screen multiple times over the next few seconds. The [[FTD-Git/Characters/Stranger|Stranger]] is peeking behind the doorpost.
"Who are you" "I am what they have (not) / (lost)"
"Who is they" "I am here and they have left"
"What are you" "A warning"
"Who is here" #TS 13:42 #morse {Answer}.
#TS 13:57
Sunny leaves, no longer feels safe in this house. Heard some weird beeping noise near the end. Feels like she didnt ask the stranger all the right questions. OCB #choice What should I ask it. ^ocb-3
for questions that she will ask it tomorrow if she can get ahold of it.
OCB over video with the morse code in the background #choice Any ideas? ^ocb-4
#TS 14:55
Was in the kitchen to make herself

Commit message:

Episode 1 complete incl description of characters and locations

Episode 1/Videos.md, after:

#TS: 0:00
[[FTD-Git/Characters/Sunny|Sunny]] starts to follow the dog randomly ^ftd-1
Sunny asks for name suggestions ^ocb-1
[[FTD-Git/Characters/Sunny's Grandma|Sunny's Grandma]] has dogs that can't go together with new dogs
Acres and acres of land, with loads of abandoned barns, perfect for exploring. 

#TS 4:42
First #choice except follow the dog yes or no: [[FTD-Git/Locations/Gazebo|Gazebo]] or [[FTD-Git/Locations/Barn|Barn]]. ^lc-1
There is a person sitting at the barn. 
Majority voted [[Barn]]. Person is unknown to Sunny. She asks the next #choice Should I talk to them: Yes or No ^sidt-1
Majority voted yes, she says hello, excuse me, the [[FTD-Git/Characters/Stranger|Stranger]] smiles weirdly and Sunny bolts. The stranger stays seated, still smiling.

#TS: 5:45
Little time jump, The stranger has left. Sunny goes to look at the [[Gazebo]]. 
Backstory for the gazebo: Parents got married there. It's very old now. Its {little tech thing here, maybe sayings its oak}. #TS: 5:58 [[FTD-Git/Characters/Stranger|Stranger]] appears behind Sunny and says "I wouldn't step foot in that if I were you." You can hear Sunny stepping on something wood and freezing. When Sunny turns around the stranger is gone. #TS: 6:03. Sunny is spooked and goes to look for the black dog again.

#TS: 6:30
Sunny took a break, went inside. After evaluation, she thinks it might be dumb but she wants to go looking for the dog. She wants to go explore the [[Barn]] and see if she can get ahold of the [[FTD-Git/Characters/Stranger|Stranger]] again and ask them why they shouldn't go to the [[Gazebo]]. She's just accepting something weird is going on here.

#TS : 6:50
#choice Should I call for the dog: Yes or No ^sidt-2
Has been looking for a while, can't find it. Majority says yes. Fun facts: Sunny asked her [[FTD-Git/Characters/Sunny's Aunt|Aunt]] about the dog and she says she sees that dog a lot around here. It's actually a male dog and his name is [[Grimm|Grimm]]. After a bit of calling, he comes running.
#TS: 7:42
#choice Follow the Dog: Yes or No ^ftd-2
Sunny goes to follow the dog again, she is unsure where he is leading her but when she looks away for just a second, he is gone. She is near an abandoned looking [[FTD-Git/Locations/Trailer|Trailer]]
#choice What should I do: Go to the trailer or Look for Grimm
Majority said Look for Grimm but it started pouring rain. 

#TS: 8:25
#choice OCB Help me figure this out! ^ocb-2
Waiting for the rain to let up, box for theories. One of the responses 'I think someone was in the woods in teh clip where us were about to call Grimm' to which Sunny reposts the clip with the text 'Looking back at the clip, you're right... That's so scary! It looks like they got closer. Let me know if you guys see anything like this in the background!'

#TS: 8:48
Next afternoon, Sunny hasn't seen Grimm today but decided to run to the grocery store to pick up some treats for him. After getting the treats, decided to try and go find Grimm. Sun is going down.
#TS 9:15
Very sunny pathway, Sunny has eerie feeling that they are being watched. Acknowledges that it is probably true with the stranger appearing in multiple clips in the background. 
Arrives at the [[FTD-Git/Locations/Mailbox Plot||Mailbox Plot]]. There used to be a house there, but Sunny's Great grandparents tore it down and moved away. Reported a lot of weird things happening on this hill. It's a 'hotspot.'
#TS 9:46
Sunny has spotted Grimm near where he hangs out. Taking a nap in the sun. Grimm has decided to sit the next adventure out and chew on his bone. 
#choice Where should I go: The trailer or the barn ^lc-3
Majority voted for [[Barn]]. #TS 10:35. She sees some lumber, some pots and flowers, that look like they are being taken care of. The table and chairs from earlier. No sign of the stranger yet. Sunny doesn't want to go in just yet, but it looks like a lot of tires, tractor supplies and an old slide. Just a lot of farm materials. #TS 11:00 something on wheels?. But all of it feels really off.
There is a really pretty field beside the barn. Looks like they used to have cattle or something.
#TS 11:20 Wreckage. Handle and steering wheel. Old tractor. 
Sunny leaves due to a big spider nearby.
Some more pieces to an old tractor are found after saying nope to the spider.
#TS 11:50 Near the barn. "Hello, I'd like to talk to you about the gazebo and Grimm" met with radio silence.
Sunny ends up going home because nothing was happening at the barn. Sunny is thirsty but the fridge with the water in it is in the [[FTD-Git/Locations/Basement|Basement]] and its very scary and she doesn't want to go down there. 
#choice Should I go?: Yes or No ^sidt-3
#TS 12:17 Majority voted yes. She quickly goes to grab the water, starts explaining about how creepy it is while looking at a doll, turns around to point something else out and there is the [[Stranger]] so she runs and locks herself in the downstairs bathroom. 
#choice What should I do?: Talk to it or Accept my new home ^sidt-4
#TS 12:51 Opened the door, thinks it has travelled because the door is closed now. Bell goes off in the other room. #weird-tech some weird error thing distorts the screen multiple times over the next few seconds. The [[FTD-Git/Characters/Stranger|Stranger]] is peeking behind the doorpost.
"Who are you" "I am what they have (not) / (lost)"
"Who is they" "I am here and they have left"
"What are you" "A warning"
"Who is here" #TS 13:42 #morse {Answer}.
#TS 13:57
Sunny leaves, no longer feels safe in this house. Heard some weird beeping noise near the end. Feels like she didnt ask the stranger all the right questions. OCB #choice What should I ask it. ^ocb-3
for questions that she will ask it tomorrow if she can get ahold of it.
OCB over video with the morse code in the background #choice Any ideas? ^ocb-4
#TS 14:55
Was in the kitchen to make herself a snack and the [[FTD-Git/Characters/Stranger|Stranger]] is just standing there outside the window. Has been waving at her. #choice Should I go talk to it? ^sidt-5
#TS 15:27
Sunny approaches the [[FTD-Git/Characters/Stranger|Stranger]] and asks it if it wants to talk to her because it was waving. Stranger responds with "Did I scare you?" Sunny asks "Yesterday?" in reply. Stranger confirms. Sunny replies "Yes, very badly." The stranger tilts its head down at this. Sunny asks whether it is okay, and whether it has a name. It shakes its head in reply. Sunny asks "Would you like one" and it shakes its head. It says "Go check the [[Basement]]." Sunny asks "Are you going to scare me again". The stranger replies "Not on purpose."
#TS 16:20
Sunny goes to their room because they are, in their own words, a coward. But they know they have to go, and they know if they left the choice to us we would tell them to go. So they will after they mentally prepare themselves. 
After an hour of mental preparation, they go to the basement. The lights go off in the hallway, and when they turn the corner we see the [[FTD-Git/Characters/Stranger|Stranger]] turning off the lights for the main room of the [[Basement]]. Once Sunny enters the Basement, the Stranger is gone. Sunny turns around, mentions a photo that always creeps her out #TS 17:15, turns back around while turning on the lights and the Stranger is sitting in the chair.
Sunny says "Hi, where am I looking". The Stranger has a staring contest with Sunny and then simply replies: "Yes :)"

End of episode 1.
